progression system
	levels for whole group
		kills give xp (depending on distance?)
			skill / faction of killed enemy gives additions 2?
			skill based on mil rank of enemy?
			when officer near raise skill of surrounding enemies?
			heavy mg gunngers / vehicles extra xp?
				new enemy behaviour 
					if enemy in vehicle turret
						upon going unconscious
							leave turret completely 
		is displayed in hq 
			with level and progress to nxt level 
		implement civilians
			look similar to enemies but unarmed 
			this and other actions (e.g. team kills)
				lead to subtraction of xp
			deaths lead to subtraction of xp 
				depending on amount of equipment wasted?
                    calc equipment value on death?
                        or better on leave HQ? 
                        should not punish for effectively used equipment?
				set on hq leaving as otherwise gets dropped / used
				every item has set value?
					need to define all anyway for progression 
					incentivise minimalistic use of equipment 
						maybe make load a bigger factor for stamina / performance to further make this a thing
	mission type 
        only 3 zones
            remaining terrain occupied by bandits
            bandits infinite faction 
                little exp 
		maybe zones with set amount of enemies
			e.g. zone green (milita) 20k man strong
				next to marker info about zone 
					or additional marker below with text?
						bug of not being able to update marker?
			enemies spawn around player when boots on the ground 
				preference for structures, roads, buildings etc
					enemies spawn in as combat behaviour blue
				spawn far enough away from player
				avoid surrounds to make situations less messy
					spawn from direction of center / hq of zone
						maybe bases in zone, select closes base 
							enemies spawn from that direction 
						bases can be liberated
							amount of reinforcements for base under attack 
								depends on total number of enemies left in zone + close bases 
								should be impossible to liberate unless zone weakend
            quadrants
                once enemies have knowledge of players (info = 4), sector goes into combat mode 
                    enemies in this sector are in aware mode